Hello, young word explorer.
Welcome to Unit 3, Ready, Steady, Go!.
This unit has 23 vocabulary cards in 4 learning groups.
Group 1 is Parts of the Body.
Listen for words such as head, arm, hand, finger, tummy, toe.
Group 2 is Movement Action Words.
Listen for words such as wave, hop, jump, clap, wiggle, nod.
Group 3 is Healthy and Strong.
Listen for words such as exercise, healthy, strong, water, sleep, energy.
Group 4 is Command Words (for Instructions).
Listen for words such as touch, turn, stand, reach, flap.
For each word, listen and repeat, read five sentences, notice the word type, practise spelling, write your own sentence, and ask the tutor for help.
You are ready to begin Unit 3.